=pod

=head1 NAME

CatalystX::Alt::Routes - A DSL for declaring controller paths

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    package MyApp::Controller::Foo;

    use Moose;
    use namespace::autoclean;
    use CatalystX::Alt::Routes;

    extends 'Catalyst::Controller';

    # aka: sub index : Path(q{}) Args(0) { ... }
    index_action { ... do something indexy here ... };

    public list
        => args 1
        => template 'other_list.tt2'
        => sub {
            my ($self, $c) = @_;

            ... something listy here ...
    };


    private something

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package exports sugar that allows paths to be declared
without having to hew to any of the requirements of attributes. Note that this
is an _alternate_ way to declare paths; you can still use the standard approach
without fear or reprisal.

We provide common shortcuts to common "special" actions (index, default, etc)
as well as some helpers for commonly-used packages.

=head1 SPECIAL ACTIONS

These all take one argument, a coderef; e.g.

    index_action { ... do something indexy ... };

=head2 index_action

=head2 default_action

=head2 begin_action

=head2 end_action

=head2 auto_action

=head1 ACTIONS

=head2 public

=head2 private

=head2 global

=head1 ACTION PARAMETERS

Probably not the best name for this.

=head1 NAVIGATION/MENU PARAMETERS

We also include support for defining menu attributes that can be used by
L<Catalyst::Plugin::Navigation>.

=head1 BEGIN BLOCKS

It's good practice to wrap any "extends" in your controller classes --
essential if you're using the standard approach of method attributes to define
your routes.

If you're using this package exclusively to define actions, you do not need to
use a BEGIN block.  Note I'm not recommending this, just stating that it's
possible -- and if something breaks, you get to keep all the pieces :)

=head1 SEE ALSO

This package is largely inspired by (and steals parts of) L<CatalystX::Routes>.

=head1 BUGS

All complex software has bugs lurking in it, and this module is no exception.

Please report any bugs to
"bug-CatalystX-Alt-Routes@rt.cpan.org",
or through the web interface at <http://rt.cpan.org>.

Patches and pull requests through GitHub are most welcome; our page and repo
(same URI):

    https://github.com/RsrchBoy/catalystx-alt-routes

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

